                               Call for Papers
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       12th International Conference on 
                Logic Programming and Nonmonotonic Reasoning
                                 LPNMR 2013

                           http://lpnmr2013.udc.es

                               Corunna, Spain
                            September 15-19, 2013
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

AIMS AND SCOPE

 LPNMR 2013 is the twelfth in the series of international meetings on 
 logic programming and nonmonotonic reasoning. LPNMR is a forum for 
 exchanging ideas on declarative logic programming, nonmonotonic reasoning, 
 and  knowledge representation. The aim of the conference is to facilitate 
 interactions between those researchers and practitioners interested in the 
 design and implementation of logic-based programming languages and 
 database systems, and those who work in the area of knowledge 
 representation and nonmonotonic reasoning. LPNMR strives to encompass 
 theoretical and experimental studies that have led or will lead to the 
 construction of systems for declarative programming and knowledge 
 representation, as well as their use in practical applications.

 Authors are invited to submit papers presenting original and unpublished 
 research on all aspects of nonmonotonic approaches in logic programming 
 and knowledge representation. We invite submissions of both long and 
 short papers.

TOPICS

 Conference topics include, but are not limited to:

 1. Foundations of LPNMR Systems: 
   * Semantics of new and existing languages;
   * Action languages, Causality;
   * Relationships among formalisms;
   * Complexity and expressive power;
   * Inference algorithms and heuristics for LPNMR systems;
   * Extensions of traditional LPNMR languages such as new logical 
     connectives or new inference capabilities;
   * Updates, revision, and other operations on LPNMR systems;
   * Uncertainty in LPNMR systems.

 2. Implementation of LPNMR systems: 
   * System descriptions, comparisons, evaluations;
   * LPNMR benchmarks.

 3. Applications of LPNMR:
   * Use of LPNMR in formalization of Commonsense Reasoning and other 
     areas of KR;
   * LPNMR languages and algorithms in planning, diagnosis, argumentation,
     reasoning with preferences, decision making and policies;
   * Applications of LPNMR languages in data integration and exchange 
     systems, software engineering and model checking;  
   * Applications of LPNMR to linguistics, psychology, and other sciences
   * Integration of LPNMR systems with other computational paradigms;
   * Embedded LPNMR: Systems using LPNMR subsystems.

SUBMISSION

 LPNMR 2013 welcomes submissions of long papers (13 pages) or short papers 
 (6 pages) in the following categories:

   * Technical papers
   * System descriptions
   * Application descriptions
 
 The indicated number of pages includes title page, references and 
 figures. All submissions will be peer-reviewed and accepted papers will 
 appear in the conference proceedings published in the Springer-Verlag 
 Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI/LNCS) series. At least one
 author of each accepted paper is expected to register for the conference
 to present the work. Submissions must be formatted according to the
 Springer LNCS author instructions,

             http://www.springer.com/comp/lncs/Authors.html

 must be written in English, and present original research. Paper 
 submission will be electronic through

          https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=lpnmr2013

 The two best contributions will be offered a fast-track publication in 
 the journal Theory and Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP).

MULTIPLE SUBMISSION POLICY

 LPNMR 2013 will not accept any paper which, at the time of submission, is 
 under review or has already been published or accepted for publication in
 a journal or another conference. Authors are also required not to submit
 their papers elsewhere during LPNMR's review period. However, these
 restrictions do not apply to previous workshops with a limited audience
 and without archival proceedings.

WORKSHOPS

 LPNMR-13 will also include five specialized workshops:

   * WoMO'13
     7th Workshop on Modular Ontologies

   * ARCOE-LogIC'13
     5th Intl. Workshop on Acquisition, Representation and Reasoning with 
     Contextualized Knowledge

   * GTTV'13
     2nd Workshop on Grounding and Transformations for Theories with 
     Variables

   * LNMR'13
     1st Workshop on Learning and Non-monotonic Reasoning

   * NLPAR'13
     1st Workshop on Natural Language Processing and Automated 
     Reasoning

IMPORTANT DATES

   * Paper registration: April 17th, 2013
   * Paper submission:   April 24th, 2013
   * Notification:       June 5th, 2013
   * Final versions due: June 19th, 2013

VENUE

 Corunna (A Coruña) is a busy port located at the entrance of an estuary on 
 the Atlantic coast of the north-western corner of Spain. The city features 
 a complete offer of leisure activities ranging from beach sports along the
 seafront that surrounds it (surfing, sailing, biking, etc) to a complete 
 program of cultural events, an active shopping area, restaurants, tapas 
 bars and a crowded night life. The conference will be held at the hotel 
 Melia Maria Pita.

PROGRAM CHAIRS

 Pedro Cabalar, University of Corunna, Spain
 Tran Cao Son, New Mexico State University, NM, USA

WORKSHOPS CHAIR
 
 Marcello Balduccini, Kodak Research Labs, USA

PROGRAM COMMITTEE

 Jose Julio Alferes, Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Portugal
 Chitta Baral, Arizona State University, USA
 Leopoldo Bertossi, Carleton University, Canada
 Gerhard Brewka, University of Leipzig, Germany
 Stefania Costantini, University of L'Aquila, Italy
 Marina De Vos, University of Bath, UK
 James Delgrande, Simon Fraser University, Canada
 Marc Denecker, KU Leuven, Belgium
 Yannis Dimopoulos, University of Cyprus, Cyprus
 Jurgen Dix, Clausthal University of Technology, Germany
 Agostino Dovier, University of Udine, Italy
 Thomas Eiter, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
 Esra Erdem, Sabanci University, Turkey
 Wolfgang Faber, University of Calabria, Italy
 Michael Fink, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
 Andrea Formisano, University of Perugia, Italy
 Martin Gebser, University of Potsdam, Germany
 Michael Gelfond, Texas Tech University, USA
 Giovambattista Ianni, University of Calabria, Italy
 Tomi Janhunen, Aalto University, Finland
 Antonis Kakas, University of Cyprus, Cyprus
 Joohyung Lee, Arizona State University, USA
 Vladimir Lifschitz, University of Texas at Austin, USA
 Fangzhen Lin, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, China
 Jorge Lobo, ICREA - Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Spain
 Robert Mercer, University of Western Ontario, Canada
 Alessandra Mileo, National University of Ireland, Ireland
 Mauricio Osorio, Universidad de las Americas Puebla, Mexico
 Ramon Otero, University of Corunna, Spain
 David Pearce, Universidad Politecnica de Madrid, Spain
 Axel Polleres, Siemens AG - Corporate Technology, Vienna, Austria
 Enrico Pontelli, New Mexico State University, USA
 Alessandro Provetti, University of Messina, Italy
 Chiaki Sakama, Wakayama University, Japan
 Torsten Schaub, University of Potsdam, Germany
 John Schlipf, University of Cincinnati, USA
 Terrance Swift, Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Portugal
 Evgenia Ternovska, Simon Fraser University, Canada
 Hans Tompits, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
 Mirek Truszczynski, University of Kentucky, USA
 Agustin Valverde, University of Malaga, Spain
 Kewen Wang, Griffith University, Australia
 Yisong Wang, Guizhou University, China
 Stefan Woltran, Vienna University of Technology, Austria
 Jia-Huai You, University of Alberta, Canada
 Yan Zhang, University of Western Sydney, Australia
 Yi Zhou, University of Western Sydney, Australia

CONTACT

 e-mail to lpnmr2013@gmail.com

